Environment Setup
===

These are scripts that generate data for the whole environment, that includes:
  - tm-genesis.json - Tendermint JSON File with all validators will be copied to the machine dirs
  - eth-genesis.json - Ethereum initial funds and network configs
  - machine-id/priv_validator.json - for each machine
  - machine-id/genesis.json - tendermint generated by tm-genesis and priv_validators

Note: Initial setup will generate everyone as validators.

## Keys
  Etheremint needs private keys(same as Ethereum's keys) to participate in the newtork, the simple
test keys currently are stored in `keystore/` directory with password `vulcan`.

## Genesis
  Ethermint needs two genesis files, one for `tendermint` and another for `ethereum`. Tendermint
validator keys and genesis file are generated with pregenerate command. Whereas ethereum keys
are already generated with password `vulcan` and are included in `eth-genesis.json`. This might
get automatically generated in the future.
  Also all ethereum keys are provided to every machine.

## Environment Variables
  * `DATA_DIR` - Directory where data will be stored
  * `MACHINE_COUNT` - Number of machines to run

## Commands
  * `make generate` - It will generate `data/machine-${id}` directories as ROOT folders for
the etheremint.
  * `make clean` - will delete `data` directory
  * `make docker` - will build docker machine in `$GOPATH/src/github.com/tendermint/ethermint`
folder using ./environment/Dockerfile
  * `make start` - will start 4 nodes by default on local docker machine with custom network. It
assumes that data/machine-${id} directories are initialized.
  * `make stop` - will delete all docker containers and the network

Makefile accepts to env variables: MACHINE_COUNT and DATA_DIR.

Notes: `make start` will expose and bind ports 8545 to 4000 + ${id}.
